# Beginning of Journal
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Fri Mar 16 

I'm just kidding. I won't leak. But I'll probably sanitize as I type so that
when I copy/paste daily journal entries over here, I won't have to do much
editing. Consider this a history with the most recent thoughts posted as an
entry at the top. Let's make up a word for this... oh, it's on the web, and
it's a log. I know! Let's call it a blog. And here's my first copy/pasta...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Fri Mar 16

1, 2, 3... 1? List.

You will have various 1, 2, 3... 1? List's in your life.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets is one

This is because Google Sheets is 80/20-rule good enough. And I will go into
that a lot more soon. In the meanwhile, I'm thinking to myself how this gets
published and pushed out in a reasonable way, and I'm thinking to myself, the
Pipulate repo, dumbass! There's going to be some eyes on that thing, and this
maybe forever forward in the quite interesting by now never-rebased but
definitely should have been but keeping it that way for more badassitute oughta
watch my mouth paid my dues on Jupyter Notebook now and appreciate what I've
got because... Flask version of Pipulate... OMG! I needed nested bubbling
yields used generically through Pipulate-compatible functions if you wanted
that twinkling UI-feedback that could be sent on the same response that was to
the original page-request, just don't stop building the page and use that no
ajax webserver tech required cause it all uses the highly compatible magical
capabilities of modern browsers to pull it off no JavaScript libraries required
genuingenuity. BAM. Should'a started that project on Python 3 where yields
actually could nest and bubble. Oh, but the complexity, and the trap had it
really worked well... would not be on Jupyter Notebook today really
appreciating it for the miracle the iPython and Continuum.io people really
pulled off there.

Okay, that was my "I am a true Samurai-repurposer of tech once I've aquired it
old'skool real. Oh there I go again with hyperbole. See! I can't even just say
hype. Well, that's me. Welcome to full-on corny nerd. And it's going in right
here, because performance art. Bust-out-ittude and other crazy made-up SEO
words because that's it. I'm an SEO. I'm here to walk the walk while I talk
the talk, and if you're not out here doing something interesting on Github,
then you're not out here. STOP! Reports checked. Now, bake donuts. Recover this
state. It is important. vim out!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Fri Mar 16 

It's time to bake the donuts.

No, first check the reports!

And get into the mindset of santizing this again as you write, timestamps
removed of course in a time-displaced published version... who knows when this
occurred unless you're reading over my shoulder. Oh, permissions and
securities, and the philosophy behind your thoughts truly being V for Vendetta
versus eventually enough on the Cloud... well, whatever.

For now, we check reports then bake donuts... then stop and survey the
landscape.

- What's most broken?
- Which work gives us the most bang for the buck?
- What plates need spinning (think about 3rd or else there goes your day)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Thu Mar 15 

Might as well be on the best. I want to be on the best hardware of my life
while I'm doing the best work of my life.



